[Music]
fossilized remains of a human-like
creature were first discovered in the
Neander Valley hence the name
Neanderthal imagine bringing to life our
closest cousin we start by removing the
nuclear DNA and then replace it with DNA
from the William specimen it's gonna
carry the embryo I will this is William
a healthy week old Neanderthal baby are
you a proud father dr. Reid very proud
indeed the question here is what is best
for William in fact you're not a caveman
I know I'm in EN dorsal and that means
that you are very special
check it yo
[Music]
18 in English not good what did you get
34 that's a very high score yeah well I
was a total geek his cognitive patterns
don't match any recognizable model it's
not a question of intelligence he's
unique
go to college like your classmates since
the day he was born you have tried to
use him to prove something about
yourself you're holding him back
he looks Nucky wants to say something
maybe he speaks to him you're the guy
from the University that's very cool
how do you like it out here well I love
it
William you have a place you embarrassed
me in front of everyone your work is a
failure
[Music]
why can't we call things what they are
maybe we can get to a deeper truth no I
think we get further from the truth not
closer
[Music]